"trigger-deployment-dry-run-create-single-deploy-stage-redeployment-details"
****************************************************************************

* Description

* Usage

* Required Parameters

* Optional Parameters

* Global Parameters

* Example using required parameter


Description
===========

Sends a request to trigger a dry run, passing a
HelmDiffArgumentCollection This is an internal-only endpoint, access
to this endpoint is restricted.  Any request from non-internal
tenancies will receive 403 Forbidden response.


Usage
=====

   oci devops trigger-dry-run-result trigger-deployment-dry-run-create-single-deploy-stage-redeployment-details [OPTIONS]


Required Parameters
===================

--create-deployment-details-deploy-pipeline-id [text]

The OCID of a pipeline.

--create-deployment-details-deploy-stage-id [text]

Specifies the OCID of the stage to be redeployed.

--helm-diff-arguments [complex type]

This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The value can
be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as a file
using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.


Optional Parameters
===================

--create-deployment-details-defined-tags [complex type]

Defined tags for this resource. Each key is predefined and scoped to a
namespace. See Resource Tags. Example: *{“foo-namespace”: {“bar-key”:
“value”}}* This is a complex type whose value must be valid JSON. The
value can be provided as a string on the command line or passed in as
a file using the file://path/to/file syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--create-deployment-details-display-name [text]

Deployment display name. Avoid entering confidential information.

--create-deployment-details-freeform-tags [complex type]

Simple key-value pair that is applied without any predefined name,
type or scope. Exists for cross-compatibility only.  See Resource
Tags. Example: *{“bar-key”: “value”}* This is a complex type whose
value must be valid JSON. The value can be provided as a string on the
command line or passed in as a file using the file://path/to/file
syntax.

The "--generate-param-json-input" option can be used to generate an
example of the JSON which must be provided. We recommend storing this
example in a file, modifying it as needed and then passing it back in
via the file:// syntax.

--create-deployment-details-previous-deployment-id [text]

Specifies the OCID of the previous deployment to be redeployed.

--from-json [text]

Provide input to this command as a JSON document from a file using the
file://path-to/file syntax.

The "--generate-full-command-json-input" option can be used to
generate a sample json file to be used with this command option. The
key names are pre-populated and match the command option names
(converted to camelCase format, e.g. compartment-id –> compartmentId),
while the values of the keys need to be populated by the user before
using the sample file as an input to this command. For any command
option that accepts multiple values, the value of the key can be a
JSON array.

Options can still be provided on the command line. If an option exists
in both the JSON document and the command line then the command line
specified value will be used.

For examples on usage of this option, please see our “using CLI with
advanced JSON options” link: https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/iaas/Conte
nt/API/SDKDocs/cliusing.htm#AdvancedJSONOptions


Global Parameters
=================

Use "oci --help" for help on global parameters.

"--auth-purpose", "--auth", "--cert-bundle", "--cli-auto-prompt", "--
cli-rc-file", "--config-file", "--connection-timeout", "--debug", "--
defaults-file", "--endpoint", "--generate-full-command-json-input", "
--generate-param-json-input", "--help", "--latest-version", "--max-
retries", "--no-retry", "--opc-client-request-id", "--opc-request-id",
"--output", "--profile", "--proxy", "--query", "--raw-output", "--
read-timeout", "--realm-specific-endpoint", "--region", "--release-
info", "--request-id", "--version", "-?", "-d", "-h", "-i", "-v"


Example using required parameter
================================

Copy and paste the following example into a JSON file, replacing the
example parameters with your own.

       oci devops trigger-dry-run-result trigger-deployment-dry-run-create-single-deploy-stage-redeployment-details --generate-param-json-input helm-diff-arguments > helm-diff-arguments.json

Copy the following CLI commands into a file named example.sh. Run the
command by typing “bash example.sh” and replacing the example
parameters with your own.

Please note this sample will only work in the POSIX-compliant bash-
like shell. You need to set up the OCI configuration and appropriate
security policies before trying the examples.

       export create_deployment_details_deploy_pipeline_id=<substitute-value-of-create_deployment_details_deploy_pipeline_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/devops/trigger-dry-run-result/trigger-deployment-dry-run-create-single-deploy-stage-redeployment-details.html#cmdoption-create-deployment-details-deploy-pipeline-id
       export create_deployment_details_deploy_stage_id=<substitute-value-of-create_deployment_details_deploy_stage_id> # https://docs.cloud.oracle.com/en-us/iaas/tools/oci-cli/latest/oci_cli_docs/cmdref/devops/trigger-dry-run-result/trigger-deployment-dry-run-create-single-deploy-stage-redeployment-details.html#cmdoption-create-deployment-details-deploy-stage-id

       oci devops trigger-dry-run-result trigger-deployment-dry-run-create-single-deploy-stage-redeployment-details --create-deployment-details-deploy-pipeline-id $create_deployment_details_deploy_pipeline_id --create-deployment-details-deploy-stage-id $create_deployment_details_deploy_stage_id --helm-diff-arguments file://helm-diff-arguments.json
