CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
CONTRIBUTING.md
LICENSE
MANIFEST.in
README.md
dev-requirements.txt
setup.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/__init__.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core.egg-info/PKG-INFO
honeybee_grasshopper_core.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
honeybee_grasshopper_core.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
honeybee_grasshopper_core.egg-info/top_level.txt
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Add Prefix.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Add Shade.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Add Subface.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Aperture.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Apertures by Guide Surface.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Apertures by Ratio.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Apertures by Width Height.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Automatic Zoning.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Check Versions.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Color Face Attributes.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Color Room Attributes.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Config.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Custom Ground.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Deconstruct Model.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Deconstruct Object.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Door.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Dump Compressed Objects.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Dump Objects.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Dump gbXML.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Envelope Edges.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Extruded Border Shades.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Facade Parameters.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Face.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Faces by Attribute.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Faces by BC.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Faces by Type.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Geometry Properties.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Intersect Solids.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Label Faces.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Label Rooms.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Load Compressed Objects.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Load Objects.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Load gbXML OSM IDF.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Louver Shades.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Mirror.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Model.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Move.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Object to String.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Offset Aperture Edges.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Planarize Brep.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Properties by Guide Surface.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Recipe Settings.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Room from Solid.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Room.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Rooms by Attribute.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Rooms by Floor Height.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Rooms by Orientation.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Rotate.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Scale.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Set Identifier.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Set Multiplier.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Set Story.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Set Zone.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Shade.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Simplify Apertures.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Skylights by Ratio.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Solve Adjacency.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Straight Skeleton.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB String to Object.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Update HBJSON.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Validate Model.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Visualize All.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Visualize Normals.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Visualize Quick.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Visualize Recipe Execution.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Visualize Wireframe.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Visualize by BC.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/HB Visualize by Type.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/src/__init__.py
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Add Prefix.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Add Shade.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Add Subface.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Aperture.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Apertures by Guide Surface.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Apertures by Ratio.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Apertures by Width Height.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Automatic Zoning.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Check Versions.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Color Face Attributes.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Color Room Attributes.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Config.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Custom Ground.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Deconstruct Model.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Deconstruct Object.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Door.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Dump Compressed Objects.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Dump Objects.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Dump gbXML.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Envelope Edges.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Extruded Border Shades.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Facade Parameters.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Face Attributes.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Face.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Faces by Attribute.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Faces by BC.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Faces by Type.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Geometry Properties.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Intersect Solids.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Label Faces.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Label Rooms.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Load Compressed Objects.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Load Objects.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Load gbXML OSM IDF.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Louver Shades.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Mirror.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Model.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Move.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Object to String.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Offset Aperture Edges.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Planarize Brep.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Properties by Guide Surface.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Recipe Settings.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Room Attributes.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Room from Solid.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Room.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Rooms by Attribute.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Rooms by Floor Height.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Rooms by Orientation.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Rotate.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Scale.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Set Identifier.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Set Multiplier.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Set Story.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Set Zone.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Shade.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Simplify Apertures.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Skylights by Ratio.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Solve Adjacency.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Straight Skeleton.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB String to Object.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Update HBJSON.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Validate Model.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Visualize All.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Visualize Normals.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Visualize Quick.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Visualize Recipe Execution.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Visualize Wireframe.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Visualize by BC.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/HB Visualize by Type.ghuser
honeybee_grasshopper_core/user_objects/__init__.py