.gitignore
.pre-commit-config.yaml
CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
LICENSE.md
README.md
pyproject.toml
setup.cfg
tox.ini
.github/CODEOWNERS
.github/workflows/ci.yml
src/fuzzfetch/__init__.py
src/fuzzfetch/__main__.py
src/fuzzfetch/args.py
src/fuzzfetch/core.py
src/fuzzfetch/download.py
src/fuzzfetch/errors.py
src/fuzzfetch/extract.py
src/fuzzfetch/models.py
src/fuzzfetch/path.py
src/fuzzfetch/py.typed
src/fuzzfetch/utils.py
src/fuzzfetch.egg-info/PKG-INFO
src/fuzzfetch.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
src/fuzzfetch.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
src/fuzzfetch.egg-info/entry_points.txt
src/fuzzfetch.egg-info/not-zip-safe
src/fuzzfetch.egg-info/requires.txt
src/fuzzfetch.egg-info/top_level.txt
tests/conftest.py
tests/test_args.py
tests/test_core.py
tests/test_download.py
tests/test_extract.py
tests/test_fetch.py
tests/test_models.py
tests/test_path.py
tests/test_utils.py
tests/cassettes/test_core/test_extract_build_linux.yaml
tests/cassettes/test_core/test_extract_build_macos.yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_fetcher_variants[asan-fuzzing-afl-firefox].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_fetcher_variants[asan-fuzzing-nyx-ccov-firefox].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_fetcher_variants[asan-fuzzing-nyx-firefox].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_fetcher_variants[debug-fuzzilli-js].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_fetcher_variants[debug-searchfox].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Android-arm-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Android-arm-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Android-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Android-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Darwin-arm64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Darwin-arm64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Darwin-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Darwin-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Darwin-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-x64-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-x64-ccov-fuzzing-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-x64-ccov-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-x64-fuzzing-tsan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-x64-tsan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Linux-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Windows-arm64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Windows-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Windows-x64-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Windows-x64-ccov-fuzzing-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Windows-x64-ccov-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Windows-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Windows-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Windows-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Windows-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Windows-x86-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-central [Windows-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Darwin-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Darwin-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Linux-x64-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Linux-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Linux-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Linux-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Linux-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Linux-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Linux-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Windows-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Windows-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Windows-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-esr-stable [Windows-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Android-arm-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Android-arm-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Android-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Android-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Darwin-arm64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Darwin-arm64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Darwin-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Darwin-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Darwin-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-x64-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-x64-fuzzing-tsan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-x64-tsan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-x86-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-x86-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Linux-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Windows-arm64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Windows-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Windows-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Windows-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Windows-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Windows-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Windows-x86-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[False-try [Windows-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Android-arm-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Android-arm-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Android-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Android-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Darwin-arm64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Darwin-arm64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Darwin-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Darwin-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Darwin-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-x64-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-x64-ccov-fuzzing-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-x64-ccov-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-x64-fuzzing-tsan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-x64-tsan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Linux-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Windows-arm64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Windows-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Windows-x64-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Windows-x64-ccov-fuzzing-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Windows-x64-ccov-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Windows-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Windows-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Windows-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Windows-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Windows-x86-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-central [Windows-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Darwin-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Darwin-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Linux-x64-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Linux-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Linux-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Linux-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Linux-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Linux-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Linux-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Windows-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Windows-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Windows-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-esr-stable [Windows-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Android-arm-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Android-arm-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Android-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Android-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Darwin-arm64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Darwin-arm64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Darwin-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Darwin-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Darwin-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Darwin-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-x64-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-x64-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-x64-fuzzing-tsan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-x64-tsan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-x86-fuzzing-asan-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-x86-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Linux-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Windows-arm64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Windows-arm64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Windows-x64-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Windows-x64-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Windows-x64-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Windows-x86-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Windows-x86-fuzzing-debug]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_metadata[True-try [Windows-x86-opt]].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_nearest_retrieval[False-2024-06-10-2024-06-11-BuildSearchOrder.ASC].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_nearest_retrieval[False-2025-06-12-2025-06-11-BuildSearchOrder.DESC].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_nearest_retrieval[False-951502a5faeb2d4ede9d2cc7628091f76996d12c-e1287caec454f439e2faf508a25643e95cbfe4fb-BuildSearchOrder.ASC].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_nearest_retrieval[True-2024-06-10-2024-06-11-BuildSearchOrder.ASC].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_nearest_retrieval[True-2025-06-12-2025-06-11-BuildSearchOrder.DESC].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_fetch/test_nearest_retrieval[True-951502a5faeb2d4ede9d2cc7628091f76996d12c-e1287caec454f439e2faf508a25643e95cbfe4fb-BuildSearchOrder.ASC].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_models/test_hgrevision_properties[autoland-9efa2d7e9e4c].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_models/test_hgrevision_properties[beta-64afe096714f].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_models/test_hgrevision_properties[central-2cb6128d7dca].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_models/test_hgrevision_properties[release-16fc978cb4f0].yaml
tests/cassettes/test_models/test_hgrevision_properties[try-001e4eea9c6d].yaml